WAP to print numbers from 1 to 10.
WAP to print numbers from 10 to 1.
WAP to print numbers from 1 to N.
WAP to print numbers from N to 1.
WAP to print all even numbers from 1 to N.
WAP to print all odd numbers from 1 to N.
WAP to print the multiplication table of a given number.
WAP to print multiplication tables from 1 to 10.
WAP to find the sum of first N natural numbers.
WAP to find the sum of all even numbers from 1 to N.
WAP to find the sum of all odd numbers from 1 to N.
WAP to find the factorial of a number.
WAP to calculate the power of a number without using the power function.
WAP to count the total digits in a number.
WAP to find the sum of digits of a number.
WAP to find the product of digits of a number.
WAP to reverse a number.
WAP to check whether a number is a palindrome or not.
WAP to check whether a number is an Armstrong number or not.
WAP to check whether a number is a Strong number or not.
WAP to check whether a number is a Perfect number or not.
WAP to check whether a number is a Prime number or not.
WAP to print all Prime numbers between 1 and N.
WAP to count the total Prime numbers between 1 and N.
WAP to find the largest digit in a number.
WAP to find the smallest digit in a number.
WAP to calculate the sum of squares of first N natural numbers.
WAP to calculate the sum of cubes of first N natural numbers.
WAP to print the Fibonacci series up to N terms.
WAP to print the Fibonacci series up to a given number.
WAP to find the Greatest Common Divisor (GCD) of two numbers using loops.
WAP to find the Least Common Multiple (LCM) of two numbers using loops.
WAP to print all factors of a given number.
WAP to count the total factors of a given number.
WAP to find the sum of all factors of a given number.
WAP to check whether a number is a Perfect Square or not.
WAP to print all Leap Years between two given years.
WAP to calculate the average of N numbers entered by the user.
WAP to find the largest number among N user-entered numbers.
WAP to find the smallest number among N user-entered numbers.
WAP to count positive, negative, and zero values entered by the user.
WAP to display the ASCII values of characters from A to Z.
WAP to display the ASCII values of characters from a to z.
WAP to print alphabets from A to Z using a loop.
WAP to print alphabets from Z to A using a loop.
WAP to print all uppercase and lowercase alphabets using loops.
WAP to print the following star pattern using loops.
WAP to print the following number pattern using loops.
WAP to print the following alphabet pattern using loops.
WAP to implement a simple menu-driven calculator using loops.